Bump github/codeql-action from 3.28.3 to 3.28.15 (#298)
rsksmart/devportal: README.md

# RSK + RIF Developer Portal

This repo contains the RSK + RIF Developer Portal: [https://developers.rsk.co](https://developers.rsk.co)

> Feel free to do a [PR](https://github.com/rsksmart/rsksmart.github.io/pulls) or to [report issues](https://github.com/rsksmart/rsksmart.github.io/issues) to improve the experience in the website.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Contributing
We encourage you to contribute to the Developer's portal by sending a [PR](https://github.com/rsksmart/rsksmart.github.io/pulls) or [report issues](https://github.com/rsksmart/rsksmart.github.io/issues).
```

## Requirements

> - ***Windows computers*** Requirements and install instructions: [click here](https://github.com/rsksmart/rsksmart.github.io/blob/master/WindowsInstall.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Windows
To install, see the [Installation Guide](https://github.com/rsksmart/rsksmart.github.io/blob/master/WindowsInstall.md)
```
